[Music]
let us say you've had your eye on one
particular handbag and wanted for the
longest time you've saved money and
finally you are ready to buy your brand
new fashion item but before you do just
think of all those retailers eager to
sell you a very good replica or in some
cases a decent fake of a designer bag
really it's like buying a luxury car for
men you have to be very attentive to
small details and know everything about
your dream handbag that's why we decided
to create a short if very useful guide
that will teach you how to choose the
real thing here are 7 ways to spot a
fake designer bag firstly attention to
details every single item produced by
any famous brand is very carefully
checked for defects before its release
all of the stitches should be perfectly
even and there should be no loose
threads or any other visual defects or
imperfections all genuine designer
handbags are handmade therefore if
sellers try to convince you that it's
just a manufacturing defect don't listen
to their stories there's no such thing
as a manufacturing defect for authentic
handbags secondly clasps buttons and
zippers pay special attention to small
things like metal clasps buttons zipper
poles plates and locks their quality
should be perfect and they should have a
number or a name printed on them which
is another sign of quality and
authenticity for example every Hermes
bag has the stamp logo Hermes Paris made
in France and another stamp on the back
of the flag indicating the year and
material used spend a little extra time
in a shop to check all the smallest
details it's worth it third materials
pay attention to the materials because a
famous brand doesn't use rough leather
they only use fine high quality
materials when you touch them you feel
like you are in paradise items with
leather trim should not be oily or
sticky some designer handbags can be
soft and flexible but they all maintain
their shape no matter what be extremely
attentive and do not be afraid to ask
the seller more
since fourthly brand names sometimes we
can get lost in the details and we don't
even notice the main thing the name of
the brand surprisingly fake items often
have the brand names printed in
different fonts smudgy letters or even
with misspellings tags and labels are
always a giveaway if the spelling of the
brand name seems unusual to you put
aside the bag and find another seller v
serial number a serial number is one of
the most important marks of authenticity
the label with the number is sealed and
attached in a special way making it
impossible to remove without damaging
fake items usually have a sticker with a
number that has just been glued
somewhere on the surface it will be easy
to notice if you take a closer look 6
packaging keep in mind that an expensive
designer handbag always has expensive
packaging often made of the highest
quality materials the package your
precious bag comes in to have no color
defects whatsoever all the additional
accessories should be packed as a whole
set with the bag they're never offered
for extra payment or as a gift the last
one distinct characteristics before
visiting a store do some research on the
specific attributes of the chosen brand
remember each brand has it's very own
distinct characteristics for example an
authentic product item will never use a
contrasting color for the lining
compared to the exterior color one of
the main things you should know about
prada is that they always use perfectly
matching colors for lining and exterior
material as for Dior look for their
unique bright red lining with the brand
logo woven throughout a shiny super
silky lining is a bad sign do you know
other ways to recognize faiths share
your experience with us in the comments
down below and don't forget to hit that
thumbs up button if our video is
beneficial to you if you are visiting
our channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life